######1. How is your understanding about the kind of stuff goes in a model?
######2. What kind of models are you have worked on?
######3. How about Random forest, Gradient boosting tree, deep learning?
######4. What language you used particularly? What libraries in it?
######5. Keras for what?
######6. Did you build your CNN by your own or you just use that transfer learning or imagenets and other stuff that google provide?
######7. Let's say there is a problem come to data science team, and you need to find what kind of model needs to be applied, would you be comfortable doig that?
######8. 
        We have Users who installed App today and now we need to send push notifications (discounts, offers, personalize or generics)
        Rule system just send 3 push notifications in a week and the intent is that we need to make users to do first transaction in 1st week atleast
        So the 1st 3 notifications should convince them to buy something. (they txn is the goal)
        You have a bunch of communication from advertisement. 3 notifications can be planned by you.
        When and which communication/notification should be sent would be predicted by your model.
######9. Data is available to activities for 1 days. How do we make our system will learn.
######10. What you would apply? regression or classification?
######11. Suppose on day one you send out push notifications randomly and then you analyze it's results. Now 1 message proved to be 80% suitable and other 60% for the same group. Now tell me would you ignore simply the 60% or keep it with you.
######12. If you are keeping that, how would you use it (60%) for 2nd day notifications.
######13. Solutions:
            1. You do some unsupervised clustering and send out some random push notifications
            2. And then start learning from it's results right? applying regression and classification  to predict out future results?

######14. How to validate results: matrix pointing to different area, conversions rates, revenue matrix, inversion rates, back-test
######15. How to validate results: back-test

 






